## Scott Michael Gossett		
6266 Deerhaven Ln.  
Cincinnati Ohio, 45140  
804.665.4606  
sgossett@umich.edu  
https://www.linkedin.com/in/sgossett1/  

I am a CFA level 3 candidate testing in December 2020, with test results enclosed at the conclusion of this document.  During my CFA pursuits, I have organized and led successful study groups for each exam.  Currently, I independently perform capital markets analysis, make short term investments, and serve as a corporate financial consultant.  

My 5-year target is to be a portfolio manager. I have spent several years interpreting economic news and making profitable equity investments.  Using my own funds, I have learned painful and rewarding lessons about the market, so am better able to look at numerous variables when given an event to predict market reactions.  I am driven by the positive financial market outcomes that can be achieved by taking into account the full dynamic economic variables and successfully applying a set of business, economic, and market principles to them. The bigger the effort the larger the reward. I deeply understand the importance of compiling the research that would substantiate successful long- and short-term investments which is why a portfolio management role and environment stimulates me.

You will find that I have been mostly self-employed or self-directed in my employment over the past three years.  I put a hundred percent into what I do.  I am applying for this position now because I have gained real-world experience and applied my academic skills which is necessary to succeed in portfolio management- I have gone as far as I can go independently.  Areas I am not experienced in, I have a keen desire to learn for personal as well as professional growth. 

I have a history of effectively communicating theories and conclusions during my time as a college tutor and in proposals to the director of Hilton Hotels and the CEO of Zach Froelich LLC. I consider my strengths to include my ability to draw founded conclusions from limited information, and the motivation to assemble, maintain, and energize a team on projects through completion. A mutual fund lost my inheritance from my father, and as such, I take my fiduciary duty seriously. I have a strong desire to prevent this from happening to anyone I work with financially.
